so just not to get into it but like some
of the stuff i've been dealing with
and this is gonna sound stupid um
is mainly like
one i feel like i look disgusting
um i don't know i don't know why i feel
like this but it's hard to look at
myself
and i don't like me
right now um
and so that's why i haven't really
wanted to stream and why i haven't
really wanted to film
is because i i'm having just a lot of
dysmorphia issues um and that and then
also
i just feel like in the nicest way
possible i just feel kind of really
worthless
caitlyn witcher has one video
reflecting on what she did in the year
a year in review video
it isn't 95 about
the video game she played it is 100
percent
about the video games she played
she has another video taking questions
in the audience in which someone in a
cheerful and
open-minded way asks what her plans are
for the year ahead nothing
absolutely nothing she has no plans
she has no ambitions she has no hopes or
desires
before and after this question she talks
about
anime which is to say cartoons
and video games would you rather give up
bts or my hero academia for the rest of
your life
i would give up my hero academia bts is
in my life for the rest of my life i
don't care what comes between us i will
love them all the time
i don't know if i need like a haircut or
if i need like
botox i don't know what it is so if you
wonder why does she struggle
with feeling of worthlessness
why does she struggle with
self-esteem why does she struggle with
depression
it's the most obvious thing you're
depressed because
this is your life this
this what you're showing us right here
on the surface
don't pretend that who you really are is
something else
hidden away on some deep subconscious
level no
this is what you do with so many hours
per day
so many hours per week so many hours a
year this is who you really are
this is your life and you can escape it
you can do better
but you won't and that's why you hate
yourself
that's why you feel ugly that's why you
feel worthless
and that's why you
really are i'm not anti-video games and
my anti-anime
but what i really had a problem or what
i was hearing
a lot of people talk about is how a lot
of times video and anime
allowed them to live in some type of
fantasy fantasy world
in which they never learned how to
develop and to learn the social skills
at a later age number three speedrunning
is pointless and all the time and effort
put into it should instead be spent on
curing cancer
this could be said of anything that
isn't literally occurring cancer
but it is said a lot about speedrunning
and video games in general
to an extent it is true that
speedrunning is pointless
but then so is playing an instrument
watching tv
playing sports or going camping not
everything we do has to save the world
and uh this isn't like
i don't want people to be like you're
just fishing because i'm not like i just
this is just how i feel and it's not a
good feeling i really wish i didn't feel
this way but i do
and i don't know how to get out of it
and i i tried like doing self-care i've
been doing
um skincare routines for like two weeks
straight i've been trying to wear cute
clothes i've been trying to wear comfy
clothes i've been trying to take like
bubble baths i've been trying to
meditate i've been trying to like watch
my favorite tv shows and read books and
have my favorite foods and
nothing's working i understand that you
know life sucks
your mom is always on your case people
are picking on you in school
so what do we do we go to a fantasy
universe right
we go to the land of the hidden leaf
village
you know and we and we live in these
different places
and we watch these anime shows and then
we just we just kind of go into this
alternate universe where everything is
cool so we end up
spending hours upon hours on watching
animes after animes and reading mangas
after mangas
and then not only that then we start
playing video games
and it's fun but then a lot of these
kids that's all they do
it's all i'll be honest with you
sometimes what i did
you start creating these habits and it's
easy
when you're 13 14 15. okay i know you
want to be at home
but then let's say you go to college and
now you're trying to connect
but guess what people don't want to
connect with you because guess what
you've never learned the social skills
at a young age so what you do you stay
in your dorm
you play more video games you watch more
anime
right you become more and more isolated
from people we still have to live and we
start to function in the real world and
a lot of people
after just years of spending all their
time watch anime playing video games
they can't function in the real world
i'm having a lot of like body dysmorphia
issues
i don't even want to film i honestly
don't but
i would rather keep you in the loop
rather than just not uploading
because i want to be consistent still
and it's hard when you don't like
yourself
at the moment
if you follow me closely on social media
you might remember
a couple months ago i was uh i was
working on french
i was trying to learn french working
hard on it too
and then i stopped other priorities
took over in my life do you think i feel
like a failure
do you think i feel consumed with regret
and remorse do you think if i made a
video
2020 year in review
in which i just looked at the books
i didn't read not the books i finished
books i started reading and put down or
books books i never had time to read at
all i haven't read one page of this book
this was purchased from me by a fan of
the channel thank you
i appreciate the gift having that time
sitting on the shelf and you know what
i'm passionate about this book i'm
really interested
about what's in this book with the
history of ancient grace
it's possible i'll never have time to
read it it's possible it's going to sit
on the shelf
until the day i die do you think i feel
like a failure
having ambition trying
these things inevitably involve failure
even if it's just because you have other
priorities other ambitions
where you start to place your efforts
where you start to place your hopes and
expectations
where you try to succeed so guys a lot
of people
of all ages have no idea
what it's like to live with ambition
this way right to be constantly learning
to be constantly becoming a better
person
frankly even if you fail every single
time
like you can fail and fail and fail and
in the end you still
win because guess who you get to be
you guys remember this i started a
research project on uh central asia
so this is dealing with the history of
countries like
uzbekistan tajikistan kyrgyzstan
and then their connection to china yeah
the title of this one says it all china
china marches west this is what the real
history
of what's now called xinjiang right
xinjiang china is in the news a lot
but the people who work for the
newspapers
they haven't read even these two books
and we we didn't just buy these two we
bought several more
started a research project history of
central asia
and western china or xinjiang right
i barely read 50 pages out of those
books
other priorities took over do you think
i think i feel like a failure
i think i failed think i'm filled with
regret like see
i could do a video just talking about
all the great books
i started reading and didn't get a
chance to read
in 2020 and i feel great about it i feel
wonderful it's a great research project
one thing
i don't have to give up we could we
could if we could go back to working on
that tomorrow
right but as good as my reasons were for
beginning that research project
i also know my reasons for why i put it
on pause
why i quit why why it ended or why it
failed right
we had other priorities that took over
you know in that research project it
isn't just about the politics of china
it isn't just about me coming on youtube
and talking about the politics of china
and xinjiang and
political repression of islam under
communism blah blah blah a lot of
interesting issues i'd love to make
youtube videos about
for you guys right one of the other
reasons we started that research project
was
you know when we talk about politics me
and my girlfriend
on seemingly every topic pertaining to
the politics of
europe canada the united states
india southeast asia china japan
on seemingly every topic i've already
done so much research
that we never really talk as equals i've
got years and years of
prior research experience and this was
something we could research where we
we would both be starting on page one
chapter one like okay we can do this
research project
we both learn about xinjiang western
china central asia
and we talk about it and we're talking
on the same level because it's all new
to me also this is an area in which i
also am really ignorant i'm really
building my way forward
there's there's a personal component to
it there are also personal reasons why
we stopped
right we started to get interested in
the possibility that melissa
would go to business school get an mba
and i started getting interested too
not i'm interested but i'm skeptical
started doing research about mba
programs that led to research about
cfa programs okay so this stuff related
to
stocks and bonds financial instruments
however you want to put this right
this is a great book if your gym is
closed due to coronavirus
totally totally endorse it a lot of
entertainment as a book and in terms of
uh you know heavy lifting
and you know that research project could
end in a number of ways
it certainly could end with uh you know
the saddening discovery that there
really aren't any universities in canada
worth going to for an mba if there
aren't any universities in europe
or the united states in terms of the
cost benefit
lot of the findings that kind of
research in my life have been negative
but it could be something that opens up
a positive opportunity for melissa could
be something open to a positive
opportunity for me do i regret that i
stopped reading i stopped researching
other things to work on this
do i regret that right now i don't have
time to read
polybius i don't have time to read
aristotle's rhetoric
i really look forward to reading they're
very meaningful to me i've read a very
small percentage of them
i don't have time to read sunza i'm
really happy to have the english
translation of suns
finally but i stopped working on these
things
in large part because i wanted to take
some time
to write a book of my own right i'm
currently in the process of finishing
the manuscript for
no more manifestos the first book i've
written for adults in many years i've
written some children's story books
and you know what if i were doing this
if i were making a video
books i didn't read in 2020
it's not just mba and working on the
stock market that's attempted me
i've thought about i've thought about
whether or not i should go to film
school
whether or not i should get some kind of
formal training and being a filmmaker
so i can take the experience i've
already got from more than five years on
youtube
making this kind of film and take it up
a level and become some kind of
some kind of filmmaker right whether
that's documentary
action drama comedy romance
right the books i haven't read
the failures in my life in this way into
this way
are a tremendously positive part of my
life
and i'm saying this to you because if
you live this way too if you
really put learning at the center of
your life
failures can also be a tremendously
positive part
of your life as well you don't get to
choose
whether you succeed or fail right like
you can start
start researching whether or not there
are any mba programs you want to go to
and you find nope it's all bad news you
know uh
i put many years into researching
buddhism and i was expecting to be able
to get a master's degree and a phd in
buddhist philosophy buddhist history
and in the whole world asia europe north
america there wasn't a single university
anywhere where i could proceed any
further with education
i know i know what it is to put a lot of
time
and a lot of effort into research into
learning
and then to come up in the end with a
failure right but you don't get to
choose the outcomes
you don't get to choose whether you win
or lose whether you succeed or you fail
what you get to choose is the type of
person
you want to be and it's through these
efforts it's through
trying it's through learning
this precisely this makes you
who you really are